Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today is Monday, January the
6th, and this is the Moneyball Morning
Report for the Benzinga Pro platform. My
name is Amarie Band.
>> [clears throat]
>> Charts by Trendpider and Gamma Flows by
Menthor Q. This is my last week in Japan
after being here for almost a month and
uh I'm looking forward to coming home. I
I really am. It's been a beautiful trip.
Fantastic. But ready to get back to
work. So, let's take a look at the E-
Mini SP. We had a lot of news come in
into the overnight. A lot of it was
clickbait. Um,
and what we noticed is that coming out
into the GlobeEx and further on, we're
still grinding higher. Markets are not
heading dramatically lower. Silver and
gold haven't broken out tremendously,
although we will look at silver. Um,
that did move a fair bit higher than I
thought. But today, here's what we're
going to stare down. As we take a look
at the E- Mini S&P on the 30inut chart,
we'll notice that we are right at the
call wall um for the zero DTEES and that
is 6920.
It's also um showing up as
the one-day min which no that's not
right. That's a high volume node. So
this is something for us to pay
attention to the 6920. If we breach this
area, we have pricing congestion that
moves us
to the region around 6925.
My thought is since we are above the
VWAP and above this tight moving
average, I think it's a 14, something
like that. It tells us that dips are
buys. Now, momentum is a little bit
down. So, that tells us, hey, wait for
the test of the support region to go
long. To me, the first pass would be at
6904.
The anchored VWAP, if you're looking for
a real sweet spot, that would be 68.96
for a long action event. If you're
looking to see where the targets might
be, we're looking at 6936,
which is a high volume node. And then
the point of control for the short term
over these several days is also attached
to an anchored VWAP at 6950.
That also is where the call wall was
before the market started shifting
around, right? And now it's up at 7050.
Okay. So what's the goal? We can see two
um motions in focus. We can see lower
highs
and lower lows,
but we are also seeing a movement up
into the top of the range.
A lot of people are thinking, hey,
listen, seasonal weakness into January,
that might put people a little bit short
ahead of the curve. My thought would be,
listen, just let it rotate, come back
into where it's going, and then you can
take your trade. If you're looking for a
short, look for highs where everyone has
rejected. That's going to give you a
better price point for yourself. The ZDT
put support is at 6875
and the put wall is at 6,800. Let's get
to the NQ.
Having
a look at the ENQ, it's not quite as
stable in terms of trend as the ES, but
if we ignore the great big spike that
happened here and then the dramatic
collapse,
that way it looks pretty similar. And
you can see that this is sort of an
exhaustion event that occurs here right
at that
midnight for me. So that would have been
the
midnight no mid yeah yeah midnight for
me 10 a.m. candlestick
on Friday. And so that was pretty savage
from a rotation perspective. Where are
we coming into a high volume node
resistance area? 25,550.
That's old support.
Could it be new resistance? Yes, it
could. So far, it looks like that. But
what's the fly in the ointment? Well,
the fly in the ointment is that momentum
is above zero and we're making higher
lows. So, you want to be very careful
thinking about, hey, I'm just going to
short the low.
let momentum and get underneath the
VWAP, get the failed retest of the line
around 25,450
and then you'll be able to open it into
the gap fill prior support at 25,360,
the zero DTE put 25,290
and then we're in play, right? It is
very hard to say what the markets are
going to do right now. It really is a
Gordian knot. There are a lot of
spinning plates and there are a lot of
balls in the air. And when we're trading
in that kind of environment, just make
it super simple. Hey, am I holding
trend?
And if I'm not holding trend,
give yourself a little bit of room right
there. If you're not holding trend, then
hey, I probably need to go in the other
direction. Overall, the motion is down
and leaking, but we are still in
pre-market, right? It's 4:29
Eastern time, 4:29 a.m. Eastern time. It
is 6:29
p.m. Tokyo time. But at the end of the
day, you just look for the failure of
support to hold. Okay, that's that's
going to be the most important thing if
you're staring down short action or the
blowoff top event that comes into all of
this resistance up here at 29,760.
The call wall 26,000
the put wall
24,500.
All right, let's take a look at micro
Bitcoin.
This one's running pretty hot, right?
This looks a lot like silver.
only silver's up near the higher spaces.
So, this is moving in a pretty important
way. So, let's take a peek at what the
broader time frames are. Now, notice the
call walls and the put walls
are underneath the current price. Now,
that means the put sellers, they're the
ones making money. The call sellers are
not making money. So, what might they
do? Well, what they might try to do is
work
themselves up into the 94,800
area and then try to short it. So, my
thought would be
if it gets up into that space,
watch out. I mean, it'll be pretty far
away from the moving averages. I suspect
that pullbacks are going to give us buy
zones. Where might that pullback be? I
am thinking just above the zero DTE call
wall and that is around 91,000.
So, you know, it's printing 93 and some
change and so that's pretty far away,
but the pullbacks are very likely to
give us buying pressure today simply
because we are on top of the moving
averages. We've got a ton of upside
momentum. So any kinds of dips could
give us uh buying zones. We are above
the one day max
which usually ends up being resistance
but this is a very big move. So
pullbacks into support old support new
resistance recapture of the support
retest of the support. That's the
simplest mechanical flow that you can
use to trade. So somewhere around 91,000
makes for a great buy point in my mind.
Crude. Let's take a look at crude. Lot
of lot of things going on in crude, but
still sitting in a patch where we've got
lower highs and lower lows. So the big
thought is what's going to happen to
crude with this Venezuela bit. And if
you joined us for market kickoff, I did
talk about how much potential is sitting
in Venezuela, but how difficult it will
be to get those things out of the
ground. There needs to be a complete
regime change there. And you know, that
means more than two years of what the
administration has left in its hands.
All right? So, a lot of big [snorts]
companies are saying, "Hey, listen. If
I'm positioned in here and I put capex
of x many billion into Venezuela to help
get their oil out of the ground and have
them more efficiently move as a country
and the next administration comes in and
says, "Yeah, we're not going to do that
or I'm going to make it tough for you."
Then all that money is down the toilet.
So there are a lot of things that people
are thinking about there and we can see
that oil is
still in its overall motion. It did
fade. It went into the 1day min. The one
day min is 56 and now it's bouncing
again. That would have been a great buy
zone but only into resistance, right?
Because the trend is down. And so if
we're taking a bounce off the floor of a
support zone, right, where we can see
our momentum events just giving us that
bounce, we can only go into resistance
simply because that's all the chart is
giving us. This is a very downward flow.
And so a lot of people were hoping that
oil would give them fireworks to trade.
And indeed, not so much, right? Not so
much. A lot of things will unfold in the
future. Right now, a short anywhere
between 57 and 5730
looks like a pretty fair assessment for
that trade. The put wall is at 55 and
the call wall is at 62. So, they've
given themselves a lot of upside
pressure there, but
you know, it still is sitting in a and
there are a lot of people that are very
short oil and they would like to be
shorter oil, but this is not uh this is
not an easy pitch for what we're staring
down. Let's take a look at silver.
Silver, it came in here. I thought, hey,
listen, this will be a nice short right
here. And it chopped me off. Luckily,
only a couple hundred bucks at risk, but
I had silver and gold short at the same
time. So, took me back for about 400,
but I've moved all of that all the way
back up because I had a $400 trade in
oil and then the two downward trades in
the metals and then a trade to the
upside in silver. And now I'm back to
where I was. So things look pretty
bullish here. Um we've got momentum that
gives us resistance up at 7630 to 7640.
That's pretty important. If we stare
down the actual formations,
this is big support zone breakaway here.
So this is short covering all the way up
to here. And now they are building
another area of
congestion
right around this patch and breaking
out. So, if we
just clone this to the upside,
it looks like 7635 is a potential
target. Now, for me,
I I I believe silver's got some upside.
Yes, I believe it's going to head higher
over time. But what I believe that the
traders are going to see is
um a forcing out of speculators. And so
that's going to be big wicks to the
upside that fade. And so that I'm still
thinking to myself, hey, if I were
staring this down, I would wait for the
break up above 76. That's the highest
pre-market level. [snorts] I would watch
to see if it collapses under any kind of
volume event. And then if it does, I
wait for it to get under my moving
averages. Right now, this moving average
is up. The VWAP is up. Momentum is
trending,
excuse me. Um, everything looks really
bullish. So, any pullbacks into the
areas around 7470
or better 7430
going to make for a pretty nice buy
zone. Right. It has broken out well
above the 75 area that I thought was the
line in the sand and we are potentially
moving back to the upside. So if we use
the 4hour chart as a target formation,
staying above $75.70
would give us the next target area of
$79. So right back up to the top of the
range right now.
Dips or buys. and the box that they've
been collecting inventory in gives us a
sweet spot at about $74.60.
Let's take a look at gold.
Gold also rising pretty well, right?
Wow. Let's see what we ought to do with
this one. Let's go backwards, meaning to
a higher time frame. So, we are in a
breakout formation.
Uh this is the first line of resistance.
That's 4455.
That's where it's sitting right now.
Draw a line right there.
Also near the anchored VWAP event, but
it's strong. And so shallow pullbacks
that hold maybe 4440
or so will give us a very nice bounce
event. And that bounce event should send
us should send us into our first target
near 4490
to
4530.
So there's a lot of interesting things
going on here in this chart, but the the
rise of metals is geopolitical.
It's got nothing to do with supply at
this particular juncture. Just remember
that cuz we're in a backdrop that's um a
little sticky. Okay, for my benzinga
folks,
here we are sitting with spy. We've got
lower highs
and
lower lows in general with the you know
that's an expanding broadening downside
wedge. Now, those will break to the
upside fairly significantly. So, you
want to watch for the break above $685
to send you into
potentially $690.
That being said, there's fair resistance
above us and fair support below us. And
so, if we're staring down our 30 minute
chart,
we can see that spy just started
printing maybe an hour ago.
And so what we are ste what we are
seeing is still lower highs but it
gapped up.
Where are moving averages? They're
sitting below us. And so that means
that's a support area. So pullbacks into
might be the first buy zone. But if it
doesn't immediately catch and continue
forward, chances are it's going to come
down into 680. Right? Markets are going
to be very sideways during this
uncertainty event. So, be careful and
I'll see you in the streams. I am still
in Tokyo, so no midday money ball um
until I return. So, the first one will
be Friday that we will have and we'll
get we'll get to work on it. All right,
take care everybody.